here we go with a scary audio guide for
a long method I guess of farming Gil to
set it up you will need energy quake
dual cast in anything any material that
you have that will boost the magic power
parameter you also want the watch that
will double the amount of Gil dropped or
received and also the new MP or AP
consumption accessory in this places too
Genji helm or helmet or whatever but
there goes there are other accessories
that also grant that ability and once
that's all set you can just go into
mission 9 the why am i missing this for
5 in English it should be only for
soldier go in and we are going to pick
on a bunch of little thunder ease
well maybe not little since the nice big
ones are in there too
now basically what we want to do is to
spam the heck out of quake and energy
for the group of three I usually just
pick quake and if I would pay attention
to the attacks nice as you can see it
already took out two of them and then
we're done it's really quick to do it
this way and for the this is the ton
very King no we don't want to attack him
that way one using energy okay that
should take them up really fast off a
dual cast you can also put on any of the
SP materia that boosts attack or magic
power and they will even go down even
faster since you're dishing out even
more damage
it's what happens when you're playing
through a camera screen that paying
attention to what's going on so again
you want energy do it so I can't even
attack okay so just a few bottles and
already the Gil one up to four million
six hundred something that does it was
like four million five hundred something
at the start that's not bad
of course each fight I think if you get
a maximum with thirty thousand so for
aiming to get a lot of Gil it's gonna
take a while of course you can always go
and steal from enemies as well in
different missions you just go and sell
all those but
it still takes a while regardless of
what method you use and I think these
guys here actually carry the most or
give you the most guilt
should I curse them so I won't have to
go through this no joy
now why is it that we can't skip these
freaking scenes
but yeah that's pretty much all I want
to talk about just showing a zippy way
of defeating these enemies person you
don't have to it's not just a ton breeze
you can use some brother enemies as well
all right